voiced by Todd black there it will
understand you but it's going to make
funny this is so great
yeah it was alright then bye
hello people who do not live here
I gave you a key for emergencies we were
out of Doritos hey how'd the date go
with mr. millionaire mr. millionaire
knew from snooty plantains third wife
sold separately he's great I mean leave
such a good time together he's so funny
and so sweet and I'm not attracted to
him at all
still Oh strike me crazy I mean every
other way he's like the perfect guy he
has everything plus he actually has
everything life-sized Imperial storm
troopers from sharper image - Wow Joey
and I put them on a fight I love it Oh
daddy daddy
I guess you must have gotten the part in
that play yeah that a Gloria Estefan was
right eventually the rhythm is going to
get you Joe has gone hey oh so you play
an Adrian huh yes are you one of the
retarded cousins no I'm playing your
husband Victor I'm Joey Tribbiani hi
nice to meet you Kate Miller so the play
is pretty great huh oh yeah
I love Jennifer Ben Murray's work she's
so brilliantly incisive when it comes to
deconstructing the psyche of the
American middle class
don't forget about